# 집합의 표현

[link](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/1717)

## Could you solve Baekjoon 1717?

Certainly! The Baekjoon 1717 problem is known as "집합의 표현" (Representation of Sets). Here's the Python code to solve it:

```python
import sys

sys.setrecursionlimit(10**6)
input = sys.stdin.readline


def find_parent(parent, x):
    if parent[x] != x:
        parent[x] = find_parent(parent, parent[x])
    return parent[x]


def union(parent, x, y):
    x = find_parent(parent, x)
    y = find_parent(parent, y)

    if x < y:
        parent[y] = x
    else:
        parent[x] = y


# Read input values
n, m = map(int, input().split())

# Initialize the parent array
parent = [i for i in range(n + 1)]

# Process the queries
for _ in range(m):
    command, a, b = map(int, input().split())

    if command == 0:  # Union operation
        union(parent, a, b)
    elif command == 1:  # Find operation
        if find_parent(parent, a) == find_parent(parent, b):
            print("YES")
        else:
            print("NO")
```

In this solution, we use the union-find algorithm to represent sets and perform union and find operations efficiently.

First, we define two helper functions: `find_parent` and `union`. The `find_parent` function recursively finds the parent of a set by path compression. The `union` function performs the union of two sets by attaching one set's parent to the other.

We initialize the parent array, where each element initially points to itself, representing its own set.

Next, we process the queries. For each query, if the command is `0`, we perform the union operation by calling the `union` function. If the command is `1`, we perform the find operation by comparing the parent of `a` and `b`. If they have the same parent, they belong to the same set and we print "YES," otherwise, we print "NO."

Please note that the code assumes the input is read from standard input. The first line contains the values of `n` and `m`, representing the number of elements and the number of queries, respectively. The following `m` lines represent the queries, where each line contains the command (`0` or `1`) and the values `a` and `b`. You may need to modify the code if your input format differs.
