# 나는야 포켓몬 마스터 이다솜 

[link](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/1620)

Q. What is Pocketmon name when given a pocketmon number?

- 1 <= N, M <= 100,000
- Pocketmon'name consists of a capital letter and small letters


## Could you solve Baekjoon 1620

Certainly! The Baekjoon 1620 problem is a data structure problem that involves implementing a dictionary-like data structure. Here's a Python solution for the problem:

```python
import sys

input = sys.stdin.readline


def solve():
    n, m = map(int, input().split())
    pokemons = {}
    pokemon_names = []

    for i in range(1, n+1):
        name = input().rstrip()
        pokemons[name] = i
        pokemon_names.append(name)

    for _ in range(m):
        query = input().rstrip()

        if query.isdigit():
            index = int(query)
            print(pokemon_names[index-1])
        else:
            print(pokemons[query])


solve()
```

In this solution, we store the Pokémon names and their corresponding indices in a dictionary named `pokemons`. We also maintain a list named `pokemon_names` to store the names in the order they were input. This allows us to retrieve the Pokémon name by index.

The `solve` function reads the input from the user, populates the `pokemons` dictionary and `pokemon_names` list, and then processes the queries. For each query, if it is a digit, we assume it is an index and print the corresponding Pokémon name from the `pokemon_names` list. If the query is not a digit, we assume it is a Pokémon name and print its corresponding index from the `pokemons` dictionary.

Please note that this solution assumes the input is given through standard input (stdin) and the output is printed to standard output (stdout) as per the requirements of the Baekjoon 1620 problem. You can modify the code accordingly if you prefer a different input/output method.
